When you want to upload your files in the Chae GPT and
receive better quality answers, you
can create your own GPT and use
it. So, some of you may be wondering if you can use this custom GPT when creating an automation system using the Choi Ji PT in Make. To conclude, when using the API version of the gathering PT in Make, you cannot use the custom GPT n that we created in the gathering BT. Instead, you can use the assistant
API that you know similar to the custom GPT.
Today, we will
build an automation system that can upload my files using the Chae PT assistant in Make and receive answers based on the uploaded information. If
you want to create and use your own smarter GPT in the Make automation system, I recommend that you watch this video until the end and
apply it to your own system.
Before we start creating the Chae Ji BT assistant in Make in earnest, let's take a quick look at the structure of the assistant and the
examples we will cover today. The
Choi Ji PT
assistant is simply a custom GPT that has the ability to use various tools
in addition to the existing Chae Ji Beauty model, and
has memory functions such as threads.
Here, tools are  Threads are optional,
so you can use them or not,
but if you don't use them at all, it's
basically the same as the basic GPT 4 model,
so you can
think of it as using an assistant to utilize these tools or thread functions.
Today, we're going to
use this file installation function. This
file search tool is a function that
uploads and searches files that we have to provide the answers we want. To
use this file search function, you
need to create a vector DB and upload files to it. Here, a
vector database is
a kind of database like a sheet that can store information by converting the data into vector form if there is information in the sheet.
And this data converted into vector form is
usually
expressed as vector embedding. You may wonder why we have to
convert it into a vector and save it in such a complicated way. To
put it simply,
when AI searches for related information in the questions we asked, it needs to be
expressed as a vector to find it well.
So you can think of this
vector DB as being used to improve AI performance.
And this one-year process is the process of
storing certain files in a vector database and
AI searching for related information to
provide more appropriate answers.
So
today, we're going to learn how to use the file search function of the
actual PT Assistant, which is a simple leg method provided by the latest PT's.
Today, we're going to look at two examples.
First, we're going to create a system that creates meeting minutes.
Writing these meeting minutes can be a bit of a hassle.
Of course, these days, you
can summarize meetings using Clova Note or Tactics that I introduced, but you may want to customize it
to your taste to increase productivity.
So, let's create a system that
creates meeting minutes in my own GPT template.
And second, we're going to create a slightly more
complex system. As
those of you who have created YouTube content
know, it takes a long time to edit, but it also
takes quite a bit of time to
think about things like the YouTube title, video description, and tags that need to be created for the upload.
So, let's create a system that automatically creates
metadata related to YouTube videos that are necessary for uploading.
For your information, today, I'm going to
proceed under the assumption that you know how to use Make.
If you find it a bit difficult while watching the video, please
watch the Make beginner's video that I covered previously.  I
recommend you to come. Make
Scenario. Turn it on like this. The scenario
title is “Create the most recent PT meeting minutes.”
And today,
since we will mainly use the assistant, let’s start with the assistant settings and then try the
make settings. To
set up the assistant,
go to openai.com and log in.
Then, click on the dashboard tab. When you
go to the dashboard, the
assistant tab is on the left.
So, click on the assistant tab and
click on create here to
create an assistant.
Then, let’s set the assistant name and system
instructions. Since we will
create meeting minutes now, let’s
create a meeting note generator.
And for the system
instructions,
you can explain in detail the process of what you want this assistant to do.
I created it in advance.
So, if I show you this, I
wrote it in English. The reason I wrote it in English is because
when we use this assistant, we often use various tools. We need to
be able to use these tools well when necessary. So, I
gave such instructions.  When giving instructions, I thought it would be
easier to understand if I gave instructions in English, so I
wrote them in English.
However, now, for things like minutes, they should be written in Korean.
So, the first instruction was that
responses should always be in Korean.
And another important thing is that
I specified the file name like this.
We will upload a template of how we want the minutes to be
written.
So, I
specified the exact file name to be uploaded and specified that it should be written using the structure as is.
And I will
create a file called Miro that knows industry terms and
upload it. In there,
there are terms that are commonly used in certain industries, such as abbreviations. There
may be cases where PTGA does not interpret them properly. So, to prevent that from happening, if you organize the
industry terms separately and include them, you
can create a higher quality Pay 6. That is why I
mentioned that work.
When you mention it like this, it is better to write in detail about which file to refer to.
The next important thing is
formatting. We will do it later.
Since I'm going to write a case study in Google Doc, I
asked for a response in HTML synth. Google Doc
formats HTML format,
which is the format used when displaying in an internet browser,
so I told them to
use HTML format for the output.
And if there's
no information, I added settings like "just remove something" from this template.
Next, we
need to upload the two files we mentioned, the meeting template, the industry terminology file. I
simply wrote the minutes in HTML format. It's
not difficult to create this. Just create the format you want in Google Doc
first, then
paste the PT as it is and ask them to change it to HTML format.
Then, you
can create it in HTML format even if you don't know HTML grammar.
This is just a txt file text
file. I copied and pasted the structure as is and saved it to
create the file. In
addition, I
organized the industry terminology file separately. The
terminology may vary depending on the industry you work in.
I simply created AI.  I
added some data-related terms, and then
there are startups and Pangyo Children, so I
wrote some of those down. Next, I
added terms related to influencers and digital marketing because I will use them as examples when writing meeting minutes. You can
organize the industry terms that you commonly use.
This is
called a markdown file, so it
has an .md extension. We will use a markdown file
this time. This
markdown file is a text format developed for writing documents. The
difference from a basic txt file is that you
can adjust the size of the text header like this, like sharp or sharp sharp. You can
also express a black point with a stick like this,
express text boldness,
express italics, and all of these things.
So if you express it like that, it will be
more helpful for AI to understand the importance or priority of the context than when it recognizes all text as equal. So
let's save it as a markdown file and upload it. Once the two
files are ready, you need to upload them.
If you want to upload them, click here.
Turn on the file installation function, and then
click on the plus file to upload it here.
You can upload it by clicking on this button, or you can
just select the file and drag it in.
The size of the urban area is how you will cut the token, but
our
file size is not that large, so we
will click on the default setting.
Then, we just
uploaded the file by dragging it, and when we
activated the file search function that I showed you earlier and
uploaded the file, it automatically
created a vector embedding and saved the vector converted information in the
vector DB.
So you can do this easily. If you
set it like this, you have
already completed the assistant.
Finally, if you look below here, there
is a temper. You
can set the degree of freedom for the temper. I
will set this to around 0.2.
Because we are writing the minutes, we do
not need such creative answers. It is
important to give accurate answers, so I
lowered the temper 2 a bit.
Then, you can easily do this.  I
created an assistant, and
then what's the next step? We'll
record the meeting content and
upload it. So
let's create a Notion table for the upload as an example. I
created a database with a High Lock list on a page called High Lock. Here, I entered the meeting agenda, the meeting
date, attendees, and the
meeting audio recording. Now, I
uploaded the audio recording file.
Then, I set the stage so that it would be created when I
clicked the creation request button for whether to write.
Finally, I configured it so that I could link to Paylo here, so that when I
created the meeting minutes, I could include a link that I could check here.
Now, I need to be
able to access and utilize this in Make.
So, I input the Notion module.
What we want here is the
watch database item. This is a
module that detects and retrieves when an item is created in a specific database in Notion. So, I'm going to
set this up. To set it up, you
first need to make this connection. If you
click on it, you'll see that it's called Public, which is
usually called Internal, or Internal Pro.  Since you'll be using it a lot, you need to
set up the internal settings and
enter the integration token here.
So, you need to create a token first.
Once you create a token,
go to Notion Settings on the left and there's a
connection section. If you look below,
there's something called develop or manage integration.
So, click on Settings.
Then, you
'll be taken to a page where you can create an integration. Then,
click on New Integration here and
create a space that I'll link. The integration
name here is for connecting to make.com, so you can
name it something related to Make.
We'll use it for internal use.
Now, for upload, you need to enter a logo. You can
enter the Make logo.
Then, it will be created.
Then, a secret
key will be created like this. Now,
take this and copy it. If you show it, you
can have coffee. Copy it and
put it here.
Then, the connection will be created.
Since I have one that I created previously, I'll use it as it is.
So, if you connect it like this, we've
granted Make the basic permission to access Notion.
But we  Specifically, we
need to help Make access this records list database.
So, let's click on the database view and
go to the full page. Once you're on the full
page, click on the ding ding ding button at the top right. In the
connection tab, you
need to click on the integration that we created to connect. Now that the
connection is established, Make can now
access this database and
work on it. Come here,
click on search and find the table name that we're going to use.
Then, it will automatically retrieve the ID value.
Okay, if you
want to check that the ID is correct, start with this 1A 4719
F. If you
look at the paylong list, you can see that the URL 1A
4719 F is correct.
And I'm going to retrieve only two at a time.
Oh, and I'm
going to use this time as the update time.
Because we want to detect not only when it was initially created
but also when it's updated, I
think it would be better to retrieve it based on the update. Set it like this and once,
update the meeting agenda like this and retrieve it.
Run once.
Then, like this.  You
can see that it is fetching the updated information.
So now if we upload the voice recording
file here, it will
create the minutes. So
I uploaded a file as an example.
Then if we
run it again here, it
will fetch the file. We
have fetched the file like this, but we need to download the file to
use it.
So if we want to download the file that we uploaded on the web, we can
use the http module. There is a module called Get-a-file. You
can enter the URL here. There is a URL for the voice recording file in Notion. Just
enter the URL.
Then,
when the file comes into Notion, you can download it.
I will organize the module names up to this point. Next, you
need to set a filter. We
will detect this based on the update.
So, only those that have uploaded the voice recording file
and
entered the minutes creation request stage in the writing status will be
downloaded.
If it is before the request or
the minutes have already been created, you
should not download it again even if there is a change in any data. So,
let's set a filter to execute the latter part only if you want. The filter is whether to request minutes creation.
First, the minutes.  There
must be a URL in the file. If it
exists, and the stage for whether to write the end is a
request to create minutes, we will filter and pass it
on. So,
we have downloaded the voice recording file like this.
Then, we need to convert the voice recording file
into text.
So, we will do that,
but before that, we will use the sleep module to
delay by about 5 seconds. The
reason for setting it like this is that we
can upload multiple files to Notion at once. Then, if
we have five files loaded here, they will be
executed in succession.
Then, since the chat beauty module
can be accessed too quickly and many times, we will delay
a bit so that it does not reach the API limit.
Next, we will
convert it into text.
This is called Open AI ES
Create
transcription. You
can set this.
Here, connect with the Open AI API key.
Since we downloaded this file as http Pro, an
option will appear so that we can set it. You can
use it as is.
Just write the prompt here.
When you write this, it is simple. This
audio file is the content of a meeting held in Korean.
Let's just specify that it should be converted to Korean.
If this is a task to convert to Korean, you should write it in Korean.
So I wrote it in Korean.
Then, I will just receive it as text.
Go into the Avengers settings. This
script doesn't require creativity.
So, in order to provide an accurate answer, I will
lower the tempo to 0.2.
And
there is something called ISO format. In that case,
Korean is
written in lowercase letters like KO. Now, we have
created a script in text based on the voice recording file we downloaded with this whisper module.
Then, we can now receive the script and
use the assistant we created in advance to create the 6th episode. There
is a module called message an assistant in Open. You can set this.
Here, you need to select an assistant.
Open AI API keys are
created per project.
So, if I created an assistant in the first place, I have to
click on the API key in the project to create it and
connect it. Then, my assistant will
appear in the list like this.  You can just
select the appropriate one from the list,
and then you can simply
enter the message. That's because we've
written down the specific process of the system instruction, so now you just need to
enter the actual meeting-related content.
So, enter the
text of the transcript as the meeting content, and the
pay date is recorded in this Notion.
Enter the meeting date as the start, and for the attendees, enter the attendee names here.
And the
thread ID here is used
when utilizing the memory function that I mentioned earlier, but we
don't need to use it now,
so let's just skip it. The tool
choice is already specified in the assistant,
but
we're only going to use the file search, so let's set it like this.
And
let's save it. If we organize it again, we've
written a transcript and
created the minutes. Now,
if you've created the minutes, you'll update the minutes content in Google.
Click Create a DC. Enter the minutes name
as a text value in the meeting agenda here.
And for the content, enter the value of the meeting minutes creation here.
You can do that,
and I'll specify a folder where you want to save it.
This
way, we'll create a minutes document.
Then, we'll put the document in the Payroll column in Notion.
Go back into Notion and this time, we'll
update the database item.
Click Update. Find the minutes list database in the list and
put a link to Google Chicken in the minutes.
There's a webview link. Let's put the
webview link in.
And here, we
need to set the database item. Which item will we
update?
It's the database item that we received from Notion.
Click this. In the writing status, since we've
completed creating the minutes,
let's change it to creation complete. We've completed the settings up to the Notion update.
Then,
let's request the creation of minutes in Notion. For the ramen influencer marketing retrospective, I
'll write it as if it was a meeting that only I participated in on the 27th. And I'll put the voice file as it is in the audio recording file.
Next, in the writing status, I'll set it to creation request.
Then, let's run it.
When I run it, I'll go
ahead and download it and now this.
Write a transcript, create it with Pay,
create a document, and update it with Notion. You
can see that the transcript is being created well like this.
With this, we are
now creating it with Pay with the assistant that we set up.
We created the minutes,
created the document, and updated it in Notion.
Then, if you go into Notion, the
status has changed to minutes creation complete. You
can see that the minutes are linked here. If you
click on this and go in, the
template is completed like this. Then, here, what are the
attendees, meeting title, date, and main
discussion points? What was the topic of discussion? Background and
context, and main discussion points? Alternatives
and considerations, final decision, and
decided matters? Action items. You
can see that it is organized nicely like this.
But of course, you do
n't have to choose like this. I
created the template like this in the first place. If you
compare the templates, it goes into the
meeting like this, and
then the date, meeting title, attendees, and
then the background and purpose of the meeting.
This is the voice
recording file. I didn't go into the background and purpose of the meeting
like that.
So,  It
was omitted because it was not discussed, and
about the main discussion topics, background
and context, main discussion contents,
considerations, final decision, we organized
it well as we had structured it.
Finally, we
wrote about the decision and background for the decided items. Next, the
action items are expressed in a table, so they
are expressed well in a table format, and for things that were not designated by the person in charge, they
were expressed as requested, like this TVD. So, we
uploaded the document that we wanted to refer to in the assistant, and practiced making the minutes in the
same format that I wanted in GPT.
Now, for the second thing, we will create a system that creates YouTube
video metadata, such as video title, video
description, and tags.
For your reference, this will be shown by applying my actual YouTube
data,
so it is
a bit difficult to share all the data itself, but I think it would be good to
refer to the methodology and collect data on your own channel or the channel you want.
There are various methods for collecting YouTube data that I have previously covered, and in addition to this, I will soon cover a
method that I can collect for free, so
that video too.  I think it would be good if you looked forward to it.
This time, it's a bit more complicated
system, so
before creating an assistant, it would be good to first look at the goals of this assistant and the
tools and information needed to achieve those goals.
First, it would be good to have a guide on what kind of title, video description, and
tags are good.
So I'll create that guide
document first. And
then, although the guide is important, I think I can write it
smarter if there are actual usage examples.
So I'll add the
video titles, video descriptions, and tags that actually performed well on YouTube.
This time, I
'll first set up the basic structure of the assistant. Also, press Create.
This time, since we're
creating YouTube metadata, I've
set up the YouTube metadata generator. And I've
written the system instructions in English.
Here, you can see that I've briefly described my channel.
And I've specified that good title and description tags for the channel be
created.
First, I've emphasized that they should be created in Korean and
specified the structure. I've asked you to
recommend three examples each. There are
only 15 tags.  I asked them to create it
and
explained which framework would be good to use to extract the optimal title, video description, and tags. And I
will create the specific details about the framework as a .md markdown file with this guideline. So I
asked them to optimize it by referring to the guideline file. And
now, for the reference data, I will
put the video ID metadata as a JSON file. I will put it in
like this, so please refer to
this.
And I set the output
format as a JSON file.
Next, I will
have to turn on the file search function this time.
This time,
instead of uploading the file here, I will create a vector store first.
If you want to create a vector store directly, there
is a storage function on the left.
Go to Storage, go to Vector Store, and
click Create. Then, create YouTube
metadata storage like this. There
is an ID. Copy the ID and go
back to the assistant.
Click the file button here. There
is a select vector store here. Do this and
paste the ID here. Like
this.  You can choose. Then
we've connected to the vector store we created.
Then you can
upload the file. Okay, so
this time, I've written guidelines on what kind of YouTube title, video description,
and tags are good.
And
I wrote the guidelines by referring to the book Stick.
Stick is a very helpful book for those who
want to create hooking messages. If
you haven't read it yet, I
recommend you refer to it. I
wrote it well like this based on the principles discussed in the book. I'll
upload it with this. I've
uploaded the guideline file like this. I'd like to
add some examples of good videos here.
In fact, examples of good videos
will be entered in the Jason file form. If I have to add this every time I find an example, it'll
be a bit of a hassle.
For examples that are continuously updated, it's
more convenient to automate the upload itself. So I'll
set up the video data in a way that it's updated automatically. I'll
create a new scenario.
This time, I'll create a scenario to upload YouTube metadata examples.
First, load the sheet data you want to upload.  You should come, so
please select Search rows. I created a sheet
called Trending List in the 9c table of citizen development.
Here, you can see
various video data.
I will use this and
set the filter. If you think about it,
we want to create good metadata anyway.
So, it would
be better to upload good examples and use them as reference. So, I
created a checklist. Among these videos, I
added only the good videos as true values. So, I will upload only the true values. The
sorting will be updated by descending the most recent data. Then, when we say that the
videos continue to accumulate, we will update by bringing in the most recent ones first, so we can
continue to bring in the latest data and update. For
the limit, we
need to test it first, so let's make it two.
Then, let's bring in the video data like this.
Let's try R once. Let's
divide the two values ​​into bundles like this and
bring in all the values ​​of the row like this. But, let's format the values
by video in JSON format.  I'll
convert it. To do that,
type Jason and do create Jason.
But before you do that, if you
think about it, if you bring in the latest 50 or
so and update them,
there may be videos that have already been updated.
So you have to exclude those videos and
update the vector DV.
So
let's first set up a module that can check for duplicates.
Then, before this, let's get range values ​​in front and
filter the duplicate values ​​first.
Let's pull the world forward and use the
upload list, which was a trending list earlier.
What is this upload list? It's a sheet that updates what was updated when you update the vector DB later.
So
if it's uploaded here, you
can check that it's already entered information.
What are you going to get here?
Since we're going to check for duplicates by video ID,
let's get column B. And there's a header, and the
first column is the header. So if you
get the video ID values ​​like this, you'll merge them into one array.
So you can do that combining
work with array ligera.
You can select the video ID here.
Let's select and group them. Then we
need to filter only the new videos. We
will check if the videos are duplicated and
filter if the data is entered correctly.
There is an array that has been grouped. We will select this.
If you hover the mouse over the video ID value, the row is now
1. So, you can set it to 1.
Then, there are
various video IDs in this entire array. We will
extract them using the map and
make them into a single list.
Then, if the
video ID value that we get from the sheet is not included in this array, it
will pass the filtering. And while doing so, we will
check if there are some values. It would be
better to upload only the values ​​that are necessary. The
most important thing is to have the title and video description.
So,
we will filter the values ​​so that only the ones that are entered are updated.
Then, we
need to convert the data in the sheet to the JSON format.
When converting, click the icon and
set the data structure.
Then,  Here,
if I want to put in a channel ID, I can
put the name as channel ID and
decide whether the type should be text or something else. And
whether it's a required value or a
line break, you can specify all the values ​​you
want to put in the ad item like this.
I created it in advance. I'll
show you what it was created. If you look at it, you can see the
channel ID, video ID, title,
description, category ID,
duration, views,
subscriptions, likes, com,
and normaliz views and
engagement. I
created combine text. What I'd
like to explain here is the no-rae
view and the Jimen score. In fact, if you have
more subscribers, you'll
usually get a lot of views. So you can
think of it as a value that adjusts the number of views to the number of subscribers. So
even if the number of views is relatively low, you can
think of it as an indicator that helps you evaluate the performance of a channel with few subscribers. The engagement
score is also
scored by referring to comments and likes.
But even then, the score was given by
considering the number of subscribers.
And lastly,
There's something called combined text. What this is is,
all the values ​​we put in before, and
this is a text that combines them into one.
This is also for AI vector
db's related information, so that it can be
found more easily. One column
simply combines all the values.
So I set that value.
So now let's set it like this and
put the actual value in here.
Channel ID, channel ID,
video video ID, title,
title, description. Now, the
tag tag is just a single
string with a text value. Since
this tag was
created as an array type, we
need to convert it to an array type.
If you split it, it
will be converted to an array type. So since it's separated by a comma, if you
separate it with a comma and a space, it will be
automatically converted to an array separated by a comma. I
'll specify the rest. Then,
at the end, you can put the combined text.
And for this Jason
format, I'll make the indentation two spaces so that it looks better.
Okay.  This is how I created the Jason format. I'll
test it out. If you look at it, you
can see that it's organized well as a Jason string and extracted. Now, I
have to update the vector DB. To update it, you
have to upload the file to the Open AI server. So,
there's something called an Open AI upload file.
Click on it and map the file. The
file name is the video ID, and I'll
update it as a metadata Jason file.
The file data is a Jason
string. You can upload it like this.
Now, I've uploaded the file.
But this doesn't update the vector DB. It's
just an Open AI update.
Now, you have to connect this to the vector store.
There's something called Open AI Files to Vector Store.
Click on it. Then, you can
select the vector store.
This is YouTube metadata storage. You can
save it there. The file is
mapped. So, the
file you just uploaded has a file ID. You can
select it. And
after uploading the DB, you
can check for duplicate videos.  You need to
update the uploaded data in the sheet again.
You can set that task.
Just map this appropriately.
Let's run this.
If you look at the YouTube metadata in the storage, there's only the guideline document.
Let's update it once.
Then, since the limit is set to two, only
two files will be
updated. Two
have been updated. Two have entered the sheet like this. If you
refresh the storage like this, two videos have
entered. So you
can see that it's being collected well. Now, there
are 30 videos here,
so let's update all of them with a limit of 30. Since the
header here is A1, it doesn't recognize the A column and
B 1 well,
so let's set it to the B1 header. Now, merge the video IDs
into an array. So
set it like this. And
modify this so that the row value in the filter array
is 0. So,
with 0, only two files
are updated.
Let's update the rest. If you
run it like this, two  You
've already updated it, so I passed the
first two because they are duplicates, and I'm going to
start updating the rest. This
update is complete, and if you refresh the storage, you
can see that the videos have been added. We've now
created something that automatically updates vector TV data. So
let's create actual metadata based on the sound data and receive it. Let's create one more scenario.
Now, let's create metadata.
Usually,
when using an assistant, it's convenient to connect a specific tool and
send a request.
When we created the meeting minutes earlier, we used Notion, but
this time, we'll use Slack. The
most used Slack module
is Watch New, as you can see below. If you select this, you
can immediately execute this workflow when an event occurs in a channel in Slack. Add it. The
event is to
execute it when a message is added to the channel.
Click Add to create a new connection.
Basically,
when you receive a channel message like this, don't set anything else, just
click Add to create a connection.
Then,
in my workspace,  Channels
appear. Among them, I
created a channel called AI YouTube Metadata.
Here, when I throw a YouTube topic in a Slack message, the
Choi PT
Assistant receives it and
recommends video metadata.
Let's implement it
this way. Let's run Web 6 and
send another message. When I
send a message, it will be
received like this. This is a test message. You
can see that the value is being received properly.
So now the connection is successful.
Then, we can receive this data and
run the assistant. Let's create a message assistant again.
We will go into the project we created,
set the assistant settings, and
enter a prompt. Here, the prompt is to
simply write the metadata in Korean.
Next, I set it to respond only in the JSON format, like this, for the JSON file.
And I will also set the tool choice
to just file search. But you
shouldn't always run this. If you
think about it, if you run every message that comes in here, the
assistant will
keep calling the API code for things that aren't YouTube topics.
Okay, so it's a waste, so let's set a rule.
I think it would be good to filter it so that the assistant runs only when the value of
YouTube topic is entered. So, let's set a filter so that the topic keyword check runs the assistant only when the value of YouTube topic 땡땡요 is entered in this text value.
And when the assistant is run, it
will output in the JSON file format. We will parse it into a JSON value.
Parsing this
means that it will be separated so that we can use it well. Then, we
need to send a message again in Slack.
So,
let's send a message to the comment thread here if there is a message in the channel. To do that, you need to
create a connection first. I
will select the connection as Bo. This is because this
answer is not given by a specific individual.
There is a separate bot that generates this video metadata. If the bot
answers, it will be natural. So, I will
set up the bot. To set up the bot,
click like this. It will
create a bot connection.  Here, if you
look at show adv settings, you will see that the client ID and client secret are
derived from the bot. First, you need to create the information transaction Z Bo. To
create a bot,
go to api.slack.com,
go to your apps, and
create a new app.
From scch, set the app name here. I'll
call it YouTube metadata. Then, it will come in like this.
Here, there
is a client ID. You can put this client ID
here. There is
also a client secret. You can
copy this and put it in. Then,
there is an additional scale.
Now that we have designated the bot, you
need to enter what permissions you want to give to the bot.
Before entering this, you
need to actually grant the bot the permissions.
Before granting the permissions, you need to enter the display information.
In the display information, you will only put the YouTube logo and a short
description. After doing this,
save it, and then click and
permission. This is where you
set the permissions. You need to go here and
set the URL for the ret. You need to
set this to make.  You
can access the Slack bot. Just
enter the URL like this.
This is the URL that you use to access the bot.
Save this and
stop. Since we're going to use the bot now,
we need to give the bot token some permissions that we need.
This is for
viewing messages, and then we need to send a chat.
So let's add only three: Chat right and
Chat right public, which can be posted to public channels.
After adding these, you
need to install the bot in the workspace. So click Install.
Now the bot is
installed. And we've granted permissions.
Okay, let's add all three permissions
in Make.
Add them like this and click
Save to connect the bot.
The permissions that we're requesting will be
displayed, so
let's allow them. Okay, so the bot is connected.
And set the channel. The text
value needs to be received in the pass JSON here and
set it. But
there's no value here, so we can't set it now.
So I'll unlink this and run it once.
Then, I'll do this and
send a Slack message.
Then, yes, since this now
contains the keyword YouTube topic, I'll
call the assistant and
write the message now.
If it's written and created well in the JSON format with Pass JSON, it'll be divided and expressed well.
Then, you can see that it's divided and
extracting the title description tags well.
Then, I
'll link this to Slack.
Set the title like this,
enter the description, and enter the tags.
After entering this,
three values ​​are extracted here.
So, you
can enter them like this. I
'll specify the values ​​like this. Then, click on Show adv
settings and
enter the timestamp value in the thread message ID.
At this specific point, we
received the event value. So, this
timestamp means the message. If you
want to allow comments to be added here,
enter the timestamp value here.
Here's how to do it. Save it, give it a name, and let's try
running it. I've
set it up like this. I'll set up the web itself. After
setting it up like this, if
we
send a message here, you can't see it
running because it's set up now, but it's
actually running in the background. When it's
all done, it'll
put a message here. You
can see the reply attached like this. If you look at the content, I
said I'd recommend six AI tools to
increase productivity. I wrote it like this. Maximize productivity with AI tools. Six simple, best
AI tools to increase work efficiency
for free.
6 recommended AI tools to improve productivity.
And you
can see that I've written short introductions for the video description and recommended video tags.
Let's do one more. We recently
released Claude 3.7 Sonai. So I'll
throw it out as a topic related to that.
Then, there were comments, and you
can see that they recommend video titles and video description tags. But here, the
title is too simple, or the video
description is too short, or the tags are
There are 15, but if you want to recommend about 30,
you can change the instruction value in the assistant that I previously set up. If you
don't like the result, you can modify it
in detail. You can make it the
style you want by tuning it.
However, this
assistant has an API limit.
So if you request too many characters at once, you
may reach the limit.
In particular, in the case of this video description, you
may write it infinitely long.
That's why I
made it short on purpose, but if you
set it long, you may reach the limit.
So in that case,
there are two ways. One is, you
may receive only one or two recommendations instead of three.
Or, we haven't used this thread memory function yet. If you
implement it by utilizing the function,
for example, if you first give a topic, it will
recommend three titles, and then
you can select something about the title.
If you reply here saying, "I think I like number 1," the
video description will be based on that reply.  It
recommends three more for number 1, and if you
choose one of them, it
recommends another tag for that number. You can also
set it interactively like this.
Anyway, I implemented a system where you can leave a message on Slack using the Chatchi PT
Assistant and Slack in Make, and Chatchi
PT will respond.
Today, I created
my own GPT using the Choi GPT Assistant and
linked the GPT Make to create a system that creates Pay 6 or YouTube
metadata.
Even if it's not this case, if
you want to learn your own data from Chatchi GPT and build an automated system using the GPT, I think it would be
good to use this assistant function.
If many of you are
interested, next time I'll cover how to use a custom tool other than
memory functions or file searches using threads. If
you're interested, please leave your opinions in the comments.
Then, I'll come back with a way to
build a system that can increase productivity. If
you're interested, please subscribe and
set up notifications. That
was the trial run.
[Music]